Are you so rich? Let’s not get married, right?
Not why? Let me tell you the truth.
The gap between the two of us is too big. I added normal.
I only have a few thousand dollars on me now.
The two of us are together.
The money and consumption issues are all different.
And you must have a high quality of life.
There will definitely be a lot of contradictions.
Actually I think so.
In fact, my mother always wanted me to find a rich man.
But I just want to find an ordinary person.
Let's live an ordinary life together
So we are not suitable
Actually I don’t have any money either
This is me staying in the wind and snow
Is someone else driving your car, right?
That car is our old manager.
I came over unexpectedly
Is it true that he sent it? Is this right?
Then let's go in and forget it.
Did you know you were married early?
You came out too early
You're not going to sit there anymore and there's no one around
You told me later let's go
This is a collar, right?
I'm going home first
I'll take you back, no need
I'm so lucky to have my heart here in half an hour
half an hour
No way it's so hot
Is this how it was before?
This is all the money I have
Can I move to Drinks? Why?
My house has expired
Now that we have taken charge of the village
Otherwise, let's live together, okay, let's go